packages/office-addin-dev-settings/README.md, before:

# Office-Addin-Dev-Settings

Provides the ability to configure developer settings for Office Add-ins.

## Command-Line Interface
* [appcontainer](#appcontainer)
* [clear](#clear)
* [debugging](#debugging)
* [live-reload](#live-reload)
* [register](#register)
* [registered](#registered)
* [runtime-log](#runtime-log)
* [sideload](#sideload)
* [source-bundle-url](#source-bundle-url)
* [unregister](#unregister)
* [webview](#webview)

#

### appcontainer 
Display or configure settings related to the appcontainer for an Office Add-in. 

Syntax:

`office addin-dev-settings appcontainer <manifest> [options]`

`manifest`: path to manifest file.

Without options, displays the appcontainer name.

Notes:

* Without options, displays the appcontainer name and whether access to localhost is allowed.
* The appcontainer must be registered in order to allow access to loopback addresses.

Options:

`--loopback`

Allow access to loopback addresses such as `localhost`.
 
`--prevent-loopback`

Prevent access to loopback addresses such as `localhost`.

#

### clear
Clear developer settings for the Office Add-in.

Syntax:

`office addin-debugging clear <manifest>`

`manifest`: path to manifest file.

# 

### debugging 
Display or configure debugging settings for an Office Add-in. 

Syntax:

`office addin-dev-settings debugging <manifest> [options]`

`manifest`: path to manifest file. 

Without options, displays whether debugging is enabled.

Notes:

These settings do not apply when the Office Add-in runs in a web browser or WebView control.

Options:

`--disable`

Disable debugging for the Office Add-in.

`--enable`

Enable debugging for the Office Add-in.
 
`--debug-method <method>`

Specifies which debug method to use: 
* `direct`: debug directly using the JavaScript engine.
* `web`: debug using the JavaScript engine in a web browser or Node.

#

### live-reload 
Display or configure settings related to live reload for an Office Add-in. 

Syntax:

`office addin-dev-settings live-reload <manifest> [options]`

`manifest`: path to manifest file. 

Without options, displays whether live reload is enabled.

Options:

`--disable`

Disable live-reload for the Office Add-in.

`--enable`

Enable live-reload for the Office Add-in.
 
#

### register 
Registers an Office Add-in for development. 

Syntax:

`office addin-dev-settings register <manifest> [options]`

`manifest`: path to manifest file. 

#

### registered 
Displays the Office Add-ins registered for development. 

Syntax:

`office addin-dev-settings registered [options]`

#

### runtime-log 
 Use the command to enable or disable writing any Office Add-in runtime events to a log file. Without options, it displays whether runtime logging is enabled.

Notes:

The setting is not specific to a particular Office Add-in. It applies to the runtime and will show information for all Office Add-ins. 

Syntax:

`office addin-dev-settings runtime-log [options]`

Without options, displays whether runtime logging is enabled and the log file path (if enabled).

Options:

`--disable`

Disable runtime logging.

`--enable [path]`

Enable runtime logging.

* `path`: Specify the path to the log file. If not specified, uses "OfficeAddins.log.txt" in the TEMP folder.
 
#

### sideload 
Start Office and open a document so the Office Add-in is loaded. 

Syntax:

`office addin-dev-settings sideload <manifest> [options]`

`manifest`: path to manifest file. 

Note:

If the add-in supports more than one Office app, the command will prompt to choose the app unless the `--app` parameter is provided.  

Options:

`-a`
`--app`

Specify the Office application to load.

`-p`
`--platform`

Specify the platform to sideload:
* `desktop`: sideloads in desktop application.
* `web`: sideloads in Office Online.

`-d`
`--document`

Specify the document to sideload.  The document option can either be the local path to a document or a url.

#

### source-bundle-url 
Configure the url used to obtain the source bundle from the packager for an Office Add-in.

The url is composed as:

http://`HOST`:`PORT`/`PATH` `EXTENSION`

* `HOST`: host name; default is `localhost`
* `PORT`: port number; default is `8081` 
* `PATH`: path
* `EXTENSION`: extension (including period); default is `.bundle`

Syntax:

`office addin-dev-settings source-bundle-url [options]`

Without options, displays the current source-bundle-url settings.

Options:

`-h <name>`<br>
`--host <name>`

Specify the host name or "" to use the default.

`-p <number>`<br>
`--port <number>`

Specify the port number (0 to 65535) or "" to use the default.

`--path <path>`

Specify the path or "" to use the default.

`-e <string>`<br>
`--extension <string>`

Specify the extension (which should start with a period) or "" to use the default.
 
#

### unregister 
Unregisters an Office Add-in for development. 

Syntax:

`office addin-dev-settings register <manifest> [options]`

`manifest`: path to manifest file. 

#

### webview 
Switches the webview runtime in Office for testing and development scenarios.

> Office must be running on the Beta channel to switch runtimes

Syntax:

`office addin-dev-settings webview <manifest> <web-view-type>`

`manifest`: path to manifest file. 

`runtime`: Office webview to load ('edge' or 'edge-chromium, 'edge-legacy', 'ie', or 'default'). 

#

Commit message:

Enable Outlook desktop sideloading for Windows (#362)
* Enable outlook sideloading tooling and tests

* Update isSideloadingSupportedForDesktopHost

- Outlook should not be supported for platforms other than Win32

* Add check to ensure manifest contains Outlook host element

- Add another test to ensure we fail if manifest doesn't contain Outlook host element

* Remove unneeded code

* Numerous updates based on feedback

- Moved Outlook registration code into registerAddin
- Move process.ts code over to office-addin-dev-settings and then import into office-addin-debugging while maintaining backwards compat
- Added more tests
- Added additional checks to ensure we error out approrpiately if trying to sideload to desktop or web with invalid hosts or missing params

* Make platform required param for sideloading

- Updated sideloadAddin command to make platform required
- Updated sideload help so it specifies platform is required
- Update call to sideloadAddin in office-addin-debugging to use new method signature
- Update tests to call sideloadAddin to use new method signature

NOTES:
- I tested the start and sideload cli commands to ensure things work properly and we error out approrpiately for sideloading if platform is not specified or discernable through package.json config setting.
- I tested to ensure Office-Addin-Taskpane start and sideloading stills work as is with these changes

* Change sideload required platform param to "app-type"

- Update sideloadAddin method signature to reflect changed param name
- Update CLI help for sideload command
- Update sideload command help in office-addin-dev-settings ReadMe

* Move check to see if Outlook sideloading enabled

- Moved the check to isSideloadingSupportedForDesktopHost

packages/office-addin-dev-settings/README.md, after:

# Office-Addin-Dev-Settings

Provides the ability to configure developer settings for Office Add-ins.

## Command-Line Interface
* [appcontainer](#appcontainer)
* [clear](#clear)
* [debugging](#debugging)
* [live-reload](#live-reload)
* [register](#register)
* [registered](#registered)
* [runtime-log](#runtime-log)
* [sideload](#sideload)
* [source-bundle-url](#source-bundle-url)
* [unregister](#unregister)
* [webview](#webview)

#

### appcontainer 
Display or configure settings related to the appcontainer for an Office Add-in. 

Syntax:

`office addin-dev-settings appcontainer <manifest> [options]`

`manifest`: path to manifest file.

Without options, displays the appcontainer name.

Notes:

* Without options, displays the appcontainer name and whether access to localhost is allowed.
* The appcontainer must be registered in order to allow access to loopback addresses.

Options:

`--loopback`

Allow access to loopback addresses such as `localhost`.
 
`--prevent-loopback`

Prevent access to loopback addresses such as `localhost`.

#

### clear
Clear developer settings for the Office Add-in.

Syntax:

`office addin-debugging clear <manifest>`

`manifest`: path to manifest file.

# 

### debugging 
Display or configure debugging settings for an Office Add-in. 

Syntax:

`office addin-dev-settings debugging <manifest> [options]`

`manifest`: path to manifest file. 

Without options, displays whether debugging is enabled.

Notes:

These settings do not apply when the Office Add-in runs in a web browser or WebView control.

Options:

`--disable`

Disable debugging for the Office Add-in.

`--enable`

Enable debugging for the Office Add-in.
 
`--debug-method <method>`

Specifies which debug method to use: 
* `direct`: debug directly using the JavaScript engine.
* `web`: debug using the JavaScript engine in a web browser or Node.

#

### live-reload 
Display or configure settings related to live reload for an Office Add-in. 

Syntax:

`office addin-dev-settings live-reload <manifest> [options]`

`manifest`: path to manifest file. 

Without options, displays whether live reload is enabled.

Options:

`--disable`

Disable live-reload for the Office Add-in.

`--enable`

Enable live-reload for the Office Add-in.
 
#

### register 
Registers an Office Add-in for development. 

Syntax:

`office addin-dev-settings register <manifest> [options]`

`manifest`: path to manifest file. 

#

### registered 
Displays the Office Add-ins registered for development. 

Syntax:

`office addin-dev-settings registered [options]`

#

### runtime-log 
 Use the command to enable or disable writing any Office Add-in runtime events to a log file. Without options, it displays whether runtime logging is enabled.

Notes:

The setting is not specific to a particular Office Add-in. It applies to the runtime and will show information for all Office Add-ins. 

Syntax:

`office addin-dev-settings runtime-log [options]`

Without options, displays whether runtime logging is enabled and the log file path (if enabled).

Options:

`--disable`

Disable runtime logging.

`--enable [path]`

Enable runtime logging.

* `path`: Specify the path to the log file. If not specified, uses "OfficeAddins.log.txt" in the TEMP folder.
 
#

### sideload 
Start Office and open a document so the Office Add-in is loaded. 

Syntax:

`office addin-dev-settings sideload <manifest> <app-type> [options]`

`manifest`: path to manifest file.

`app-type`: host application type to sideload ("desktop" or "web").

Note:

If the add-in supports more than one Office app and the app-type is "desktop", the command will prompt to choose the app unless the `--app` parameter is provided.  

Options:

`-a`
`--app`

Specify the Office application to load.

`-d`
`--document`

Specify the document to sideload.  The document option can either be the local path to a document or a url.

#

### source-bundle-url 
Configure the url used to obtain the source bundle from the packager for an Office Add-in.

The url is composed as:

http://`HOST`:`PORT`/`PATH` `EXTENSION`

* `HOST`: host name; default is `localhost`
* `PORT`: port number; default is `8081` 
* `PATH`: path
* `EXTENSION`: extension (including period); default is `.bundle`

Syntax:

`office addin-dev-settings source-bundle-url [options]`

Without options, displays the current source-bundle-url settings.

Options:

`-h <name>`<br>
`--host <name>`

Specify the host name or "" to use the default.

`-p <number>`<br>
`--port <number>`

Specify the port number (0 to 65535) or "" to use the default.

`--path <path>`

Specify the path or "" to use the default.

`-e <string>`<br>
`--extension <string>`

Specify the extension (which should start with a period) or "" to use the default.
 
#

### unregister 
Unregisters an Office Add-in for development. 

Syntax:

`office addin-dev-settings register <manifest> [options]`

`manifest`: path to manifest file. 

#

### webview 
Switches the webview runtime in Office for testing and development scenarios.

> Office must be running on the Beta channel to switch runtimes

Syntax:

`office addin-dev-settings webview <manifest> <web-view-type>`

`manifest`: path to manifest file. 

`web-view-type`: Office webview to load ('edge' or 'edge-chromium, 'edge-legacy', 'ie', or 'default'). 

#
