.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, before:

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us fix issues
title: ''
labels: needs triage
assignees: ''

---

# Prerequisites

Please answer the following questions before submitting an issue. 
**YOU MAY DELETE THE PREREQUISITES SECTION.**
- [ ] I am running the latest version of Node and the tools
- [ ] I checked the documentation and found no answer
- [ ] I checked to make sure that this issue has not already been filed


# Expected behavior

Please describe the behavior you were expecting


# Current behavior

Please provide information about the failure. What is the current behavior? If it is not a bug, please add it to [UserVoice](https://officespdev.uservoice.com/forums/224641-feature-requests-and-feedback/category/164751-office-developer-tools), so that it gets added to our feature roadmap.


## Steps to Reproduce

Please provide detailed steps for reproducing the issue.

1. step 1
2. step 2
3. you get it...


## Context

Please provide any relevant information about your setup. This is important in case the issue is not reproducible except for under certain conditions.

* Operating System:
* Node version:
* Office version:
* Tool version:

## Failure Logs

Please include any relevant log snippets, screenshots or code samples here.

Commit message:

Update link for user feedback

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, after:

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us fix issues
title: ''
labels: needs triage
assignees: ''

---

# Prerequisites

Please answer the following questions before submitting an issue. 
**YOU MAY DELETE THE PREREQUISITES SECTION.**
- [ ] I am running the latest version of Node and the tools
- [ ] I checked the documentation and found no answer
- [ ] I checked to make sure that this issue has not already been filed


# Expected behavior

Please describe the behavior you were expecting


# Current behavior

Please provide information about the failure. What is the current behavior? If it is not a bug, please post your idea to the [Microsoft 365 Developer Platform Tech Community](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/microsoft-365-developer-platform/idb-p/Microsoft365DeveloperPlatform), or if the feature request already exists there, add your vote for it.


## Steps to Reproduce

Please provide detailed steps for reproducing the issue.

1. step 1
2. step 2
3. you get it...


## Context

Please provide any relevant information about your setup. This is important in case the issue is not reproducible except for under certain conditions.

* Operating System:
* Node version:
* Office version:
* Tool version:

## Failure Logs

Please include any relevant log snippets, screenshots or code samples here.
